Add github pages publishing script (#143)
BBC-archive/psammead: CONTRIBUTING.md

```

In addition, the `README.md` should also point to Psammead's [CODE_OF_CONDUCT](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide, and [LICENSE](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/LICENSE).

### After merge

> Upon merging a pull request into latest there are a few steps you must compleate to ensure that the changes are promoted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After merging a pull request into `latest`, please follow these steps to ensure that the changes are published to npm and to the Psammead Storybook https://bbc-news.github.io/psammead.
```
